README.md, before:

# "THE IDEA." Bulb
My project in the shape of a bulb with 10 LEDs that are placed around it!

![image](https://blueprint.hackclub.com/user-attachments/representations/redirect/eyJfcmFpbHMiOnsiZGF0YSI6MTAwNjcxLCJwdXIiOiJibG9iX2lkIn19--7fb95826e4ec3a3122cea9341cedef60d7bbc410/eyJfcmFpbHMiOnsiZGF0YSI6eyJmb3JtYXQiOiJwbmciLCJyZXNpemVfdG9fbGltaXQiOlsyMDAwLDIwMDBdLCJjb252ZXJ0Ijoid2VicCIsInNhdmVyIjp7InF1YWxpdHkiOjgwLCJzdHJpcCI6dHJ1ZX19LCJwdXIiOiJ2YXJpYXRpb24ifX0=--0f85faa91c373105a0f317054e965c1f47e93a37/image.png)

## Why did I do this?

I wanted to take a break and create a project that wouldn't take so long... So I created this project!

## KiCad things:

### PCB:

![image](https://cdn.hackclub.com/019c3edb-1d76-7c93-8fad-be78055801a9/sn__mek_obrazovky_2026-02-08_210411.png)

### Schematic:
![image](https://blueprint.hackclub.com/user-attachments/representations/redirect/eyJfcmFpbHMiOnsiZGF0YSI6MTAwNjA0LCJwdXIiOiJibG9iX2lkIn19--a169ee583b3133f153918fb8a741b78bf637fed3/eyJfcmFpbHMiOnsiZGF0YSI6eyJmb3JtYXQiOiJwbmciLCJyZXNpemVfdG9fbGltaXQiOlsyMDAwLDIwMDBdLCJjb252ZXJ0Ijoid2VicCIsInNhdmVyIjp7InF1YWxpdHkiOjgwLCJzdHJpcCI6dHJ1ZX19LCJwdXIiOiJ2YXJpYXRpb24ifX0=--0f85faa91c373105a0f317054e965c1f47e93a37/Sn%C3%ADmek%20obrazovky%202026-02-08%20124729.png)

Commit message:

README.md
Added a section about KiCad with images of the schematic and PCB.

README.md, after:

# "THE IDEA." Bulb
My project in the shape of a bulb with 10 LEDs that are placed around it!

![image](https://blueprint.hackclub.com/user-attachments/representations/redirect/eyJfcmFpbHMiOnsiZGF0YSI6MTAwNjcxLCJwdXIiOiJibG9iX2lkIn19--7fb95826e4ec3a3122cea9341cedef60d7bbc410/eyJfcmFpbHMiOnsiZGF0YSI6eyJmb3JtYXQiOiJwbmciLCJyZXNpemVfdG9fbGltaXQiOlsyMDAwLDIwMDBdLCJjb252ZXJ0Ijoid2VicCIsInNhdmVyIjp7InF1YWxpdHkiOjgwLCJzdHJpcCI6dHJ1ZX19LCJwdXIiOiJ2YXJpYXRpb24ifX0=--0f85faa91c373105a0f317054e965c1f47e93a37/image.png)

## Why did I do this?

I wanted to take a break and create a project that wouldn't take so long... So I created this project!

## KiCad things:
Here are pictures of the schematic and PCB I created in KiCad!
### PCB:

![image](https://cdn.hackclub.com/019c3edb-1d76-7c93-8fad-be78055801a9/sn__mek_obrazovky_2026-02-08_210411.png)

### Schematic:
![image](https://blueprint.hackclub.com/user-attachments/representations/redirect/eyJfcmFpbHMiOnsiZGF0YSI6MTAwNjA0LCJwdXIiOiJibG9iX2lkIn19--a169ee583b3133f153918fb8a741b78bf637fed3/eyJfcmFpbHMiOnsiZGF0YSI6eyJmb3JtYXQiOiJwbmciLCJyZXNpemVfdG9fbGltaXQiOlsyMDAwLDIwMDBdLCJjb252ZXJ0Ijoid2VicCIsInNhdmVyIjp7InF1YWxpdHkiOjgwLCJzdHJpcCI6dHJ1ZX19LCJwdXIiOiJ2YXJpYXRpb24ifX0=--0f85faa91c373105a0f317054e965c1f47e93a37/Sn%C3%ADmek%20obrazovky%202026-02-08%20124729.png)
